To report bugs that you have found, your best bet is to submit the relevant
information through the site from which you downloaded this package (e.g.,
open a Git Hub issue).  You can also directly e-mail the address that is dotted
around the project's copyright statements, <fedora.dm0@gmail.com>.  Please read
the following issues before reporting to ensure your bug is not already known.

The issues outlined below are all the problems I have encountered in my own
extremely limited testing of this plugin.  This file also serves as a to-do
list for myself with some methods to consider for fixing the problems.

For a listing of theoretical issues that other GTK plugins could experience due
to this plugin, grep the C files for "FRAGILE".  These comments identify points
where some assumptions were made about the GTK widget structure.  For example,
the Buddy List menu bar has no explicit pointer in the structure, so it is
assumed to be the first child element of main_vbox, but another plugin could
have changed its location.

This file was last revised for distribution with version 0.2.


The following is the list of known issues with the plugin, sorted approximately
from most troublesome to least.

* There are a few ways to cause Pidgin to segfault from messing with the dummy
  conversation's tab (dragging it into itself, etc.).  This is mostly because
  the conversation UI doesn't have an active_conv.

  - Ideally, get the PIDGIN_CONVERSATION(PurpleConversation) macro to return
    NULL when given NULL in the mainline Pidgin code, and add any other
    necessary sanity checks in their gtkconv.c callback functions.

  - Trying to fake the active_conv would cause all sorts of other troubles that
    are circumvented by setting it to NULL.  Still, it's on the radar.

  - Intercepting GTK events attempting to modify the dummy page is a possible
    solution, but it will require a slew of callbacks to cancel user actions.

  I imagine most users will have the tab positions at the top which will hide
  them automatically when there is only one conversation, avoiding this issue.

* Now that I've taken the time to attempt to run the plugin on Windows, there
  seem to be issues related to disabling the plugin.  Widgets aren't redrawn
  correctly, etc.  The issues seem to disappear if the plugin is re-enabled.  I
  am not quite certain where to begin with these problems, as they do not exist
  on GNU/Linux systems.

* Several cursor movement key bindings were disabled on HTML fields.  This was
  done in order to enable tab switching and message retrieval, since the Buddy
  List has an event handler that stops events which have a binding defined on a
  focused HTML widget.

  - An alternative to skipping bindings would be to completely remove the Buddy
    List event handler, but that would cause other issues.  (Control+B for bold
    text input would instead activate the "Add Buddy" dialogue, for example.)

  - The related functions in Pidgin are all static, so I can't call them from a
    wrapper function.  The code in question could be duplicated, but I am very
    much against plugins duplicating any part of the main project's code.  It
    seems the only feasible action is to file an issue in the Pidgin tracker.

* The buddy icon in the Buddy List seems to calculate its position using the
  width of the notebook and the position of the window.  This causes it to be
  drawn in odd locations when using the "left" position preference.
